Alrighty so a quick overview
of our development process.
So in this video,
we're going to cover the first five steps
of the development process.
Alrighty, so moving individual studio code
step one is creating a new project.
So I'll open up a new terminal window here.
And I'll expand the window,
I'll do a collapse over here on the left hand side.
Just check my directory here, angular training.
And then I'll do an ng new sales project.
And then I'll say no for angular routing.
And then I'll select CSS for the style sheet format.
It'll start creating your project.
You can safely ignore the warnings.
And at the end, your project will be set up
and ready to go.
So we can look at the files here on the left hand side
and we'll see that it created
a new directory for me, sales project.
And if I expand that directory,
I see all the files that were just created
for this angular project.
And I'll go ahead and move into this project directory.
And I'll go ahead and start up the project real quick
using ng serve with the open option.
And we'll see the default page here,
sales project app is running.
In step two, we're going to update the main template page.
Over on the left hand side,
I'll open up app component .html
and remember, this is the file that has
all of the default content, the placeholder content.
I'll go ahead and clean-up this file
by simply selecting everything and deleting it.
And now that this file is empty,
I'll make use of some very basic html here.
I'll make use of h1 and say sales team.
And then I'll swing over to my browser
just to verify that that's there.
And it looks good.
So I'll move back to my terminal window
and stop the server
because I want to perform some other operations here.
So in step three,
I'm going to generate a new component.
So I give the ng generate component command.
So I'm creating this new component
for my salesperson list
and it shows me the new files that I just created.
And so in step four I'm going to add the new component
selector to our app template page.
So the first thing I do is I'll look
at my component.ts file, my TypeScript file.
And I'll make note of the selector app salesperson list.
I'll copy this and I'll add this
to my app component.html page.
So I'll move down here
and I'll make it a tag, angle bracket
at salesperson list and then a slash app salesperson list.
All right, great so I have my new selector
here on my app component html template page.
And then I move back to my terminal window here.
And then in step five
I'm going to generate a salesperson class.
And oops I have a small typo here
I have class with too many s's.
Just get rid of that one.
Okay, this looks good.
Okay, excellent, so it created my salesperson class.
So I'll open up this file salesperson.ts.
And as we saw in the slides,
it's a very basic class, there's nothing here.
And so now I'll define a constructor
and I'll make use of parameter properties.
So remember we declare these parameter properties
by giving the access modifier
and then the actual parameter name.
So here I have public first name
and then I'll do a similar thing here for last name,
email and also sales volume.
Okay, this looks good.
So there's my constructor along with parameter properties
and so these properties are automatically defined
by making use of this technique.